Update CONTRIBUTING.rst to show  trigger's  JSON-serializable value limitation. (#195)
astronomer/astronomer-providers: CONTRIBUTING.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Writing a deferrable or async operator takes a bit more work. There are some main points to consider:
    - Deferrable Operators & Triggers rely on more recent asyncio features, and as a result only work on Python 3.7 or higher.

>     - Any Deferrable Operator implementation must use an execution handle in order to poll for the status in the Trigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Any Deferrable **Operator** implementation needs the API used to give you a unique identifier in order to poll for the status in the Trigger. This does not affect creating an async Sensor as "sensors" are just poll-based whereas "Operators" are "Submit + Poll" operation.
```

      For example in the below code snippet, the Google BigQuery API returns a job_id using which we can track the status of the job execution from the Trigger.
        .. code-block:: python

            job = self._submit_job(hook, configuration=configuration)
            self.job_id = job.job_id
            self.defer(
                timeout=self.execution_timeout,
                trigger=BigQueryGetDataTrigger(
                    conn_id=self.gcp_conn_id,
                    job_id=self.job_id,
                    dataset_id=self.dataset_id,
                    table_id=self.table_id,
                    project_id=hook.project_id,
                ),
                method_name="execute_complete",

>             )

Reviewer: .. code-block:: python

        job = self._submit_job(hook, configuration=configuration)
        self.job_id = job.job_id
        self.defer(
            timeout=self.execution_timeout,
            trigger=BigQueryGetDataTrigger(
                conn_id=self.gcp_conn_id,
                job_id=self.job_id,
                dataset_id=self.dataset_id,
                table_id=self.table_id,
                project_id=hook.project_id,
            ),
            method_name="execute_complete",
        )
